happy birthday dr k hey dr k hey dr k
happy birthday dr k happy birthday dr k
hi dr k hey dr kate i wanted to wish my
favorite boomer happy birthday i just
want to wish you a happy birthday hi dr
k happy birthday happy escape from
vagina day it's star sleeves i was on
one of your community streams it's seoul
from the former gifted kids interview
it's bob no fat stream hi it's zach i'm
sad from the gifted kid stream it's slow
it's provided from the lsf stream hey
this is b from the burnt out kitchen
kids group hey it's jt from the falling
behind stream my name is zoryan
from life after a cult i just wanted to
say thank you for everything that you do
after that stream and after a few months
in coaching i actually came back to
college and it's all your fault so
thanks i hope you're having a wonderful
birthday at the international ls i just
want to say thank you to you and to all
the wonderful people working at healthy
gamer you are all truly making the world
a happier place to be it's incredible to
see how far a healthy gamer has come and
comforting to know that it comes from a
genuine place to everyone in the
community keep being awesome keeping
unique and keep supporting each other
people love you help give me clarity
about how to understand my addictions
thanks a lot man happy birthday thank
you for making me realize that i need
help and also for being one of the
people who provided that help to me
every time i watch stream i feel like i
get a little better at talking to myself
when i feel guilty thanks so much for
that thank you so much for encouraging
me to bring more mindfulness into my
life
and uh it really meant a lot to me when
you said that i was
good just the way i am
so yeah thank you
a lot of the knowledge you've shared has
definitely stuck with me when it comes
to my day-to-day so thank you thank you
for cultivating this incredible
community i think i speak for a lot of
people when i say you've really helped
me get through this past year and a half
thank you for teaching me to be more
compassionate towards myself
see you when i see you my life really
has changed for the better thanks to
your input so thank you for all that you
do and you helped me accept myself
without condition thank you so [ __ ]
much
[Music]
you